Remove WSC (#399)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/patching/README.md

The `ckeditor4-presets` repository is used by the CKEditor 4 team to build the Basic/Standard/Full distributions. It uses `ckeditor4` as a dependency and scripts included there further automate the build process:

 - It has information about which plugins should be included in which preset.

>  - It loads spell checker `scayt` plugin from separate repository where it's developed, if it has to be included in a release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It loads spell checker `scayt` plugin from separate repository where it is developed, if it is to be included in a release.
```

If you used a custom build of CKEditor 4 with your own custom plugins, copy them to the `ckeditor4/plugins` folder.

#### Spell Checker Plugin

> If the build that you used had spell checker plugin (`scayt`), then you need to copy them as well. Spell checker plugin must be downloaded with the proper revision. The revision of `scayt` plugin that was used with release versions of CKEditor 4 can be checked in the `ckeditor4-presets` repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the build that you used had the spell checker plugin (`scayt`), then you need to copy it as well. Spell checker plugin must be downloaded with the proper revision. The revision of `scayt` plugin that was used with release versions of CKEditor 4 can be checked in the `ckeditor4-presets` repository.
```

>     <img src="%BASE_PATH%/assets/img/patching_05.png" width="391" height="181" alt="Plugin revision in GitHub">

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it wouldn't be better to update the screen to remove the WSC plugin submodule from it :thinking: 

Also, this method does no longer works as we now load SCAYT as npm dependency.

Author: Yeah, you are right. I didn't notice how outdated this guide is. Anyway, I would be for extracting it as a separate issue so we will be able to test these changes during the testing phase, WDYT?

Regarding the screenshots themselves, fortunately, there is also `scayt` on them so I think we can just move that part also to the separate issue addressing the whole guide.

Author: Extracted https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/5117

> 6. Click the link to exact revision of the `scayt` plugin. You will be redirected to its project page, where the "Download ZIP" option on the right side will return the correct version of each plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click the link to exact revision of the `scayt` plugin. You will be redirected to its project page, where the "Download ZIP" option on the right side will return the correct version of the plugin.
```
